In this chapter, we want it that way
look at the named cityvision modeling
and this will be in 4d cinema
through the so-called hyperworks object
implemented
Let's take a look at this first
Head model of a character
and if we choose the model
Here we get the polygon lines and
can already see that it is
this is a very high resolution and
we are dealing with very fine polygon lattice
so have very clean beautiful here
rundungen
and just like such fine details
the eyelid or the ear we have
beautiful curves and a very dense
polygon grid
if you like this object as it is here
is modeled by hand so wanted eg
with a cube beginning and divide
then push in the right position
then that would be a big deal
effort and they would be the individual
polygons probably hardly so nice round
and get presented clean
Therefore, this model was different
proceeded and the actual polygon
grid which was modeled is even
not this one we see here
Let's take a look at that
object we find that in the list
up here with the remaining objects only
this object works in the case
not with science but with polygons
located in our ipad apps object
a polygon object and if we are
We can choose this one
actual polygon lines of ours
Characteristics thus recognize the actual
modeled shape of our head here
we can also do the object times
disable this green hook
and then they can already recognize
that the model is significantly less
polygons owns and also clearly
kantiger is zb here on the ear we have
now this corner
and also the eyes are not so
beautiful as they were before
the hyper net object ensures that
that these edges are interconnected
and how much finer and
3d rendered high resolution grid
this method of modeling becomes
activision modeling called man
models the rough shape or the rough one
surface and this surface becomes
then subdivided society grazes in
several smaller surfaces and these
surfaces interconnecting
and you get a nicer 3d
object
how the object works exactly now
and how to model with its help
can
Let's take a look at the next one
section on